I'm going to post the email that I just sent to Uplay support describing the pathetic state that the Uplay Store is in. Feel free to add any other problems you've noticed with the Uplay Store.

> To whom it may concern,

> I have multiple issues to report. I just purchased the Assassin's Creed Humble Bundle full package. However, as I looked into it I became more and more confused. The Uplay Store appears to be a total mess. The first problem I have is that in my Uplay library two "Assassin's Creed III" are listed which doesn't make sense. This appears to be an obvious bug.

> If you visit the Humble Bundle website you will see they are only giving away Uplay keys. They are giving away "Assassin's Creed". However, on the Uplay store there is no "Assassin's Creed". There is only "Assassin's Creed Director's Cut". So what is going on here? Is their listing wrong or are they really giving away an inferior version of the game? When I activated the key it shows as "Assassin's Creed" instead of "Assassin's Creed Director's Cut". 

> Third, we have the same issue again with "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood". Humble Bundle says they are giving away "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood". However, the Uplay store only lists "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood Deluxe Edition". When I activated the key in my library the game is listed as "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood". So, again I don't actually know what version of the game I have. If the Humble Bundle really is giving away the non-deluxe version of "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood" then how are players supposed to get the DLC? The DLC for Brotherhood is completely missing from the Uplay store.

> Another issue I noticed is that on the "Assassin's Creed Brotherhood Deluxe Edition" page there is an option listed for "Standard". However, when you click it you get a 404 error.

> Yet another issue I noticed is that Humble Bundle says they are giving away "Assassin's Creed II Deluxe Edition". However, when I activated the key in my library it is showing as just "Assassin's Creed II". If you go to the Uplay Store there is no "Assassin's Creed II" listed, only "Assassin's Creed II Deluxe Edition". What a total mess! I have no idea what version of the game I actually have! If I really do have the non-deluxe version then how am I supposed to get the DLC? It is also completely missing from the Uplay Store.

> Another issue I noticed is that the "Tyranny of King Washington Betrayal" (episode 2) is completely missing from the Uplay Store. 

> Another issue I noticed is that there are 3 DLC listed for "Assassin's Creed Revelations" when you go to its page. However, when you try to buy any of them you get a 404 error. So players cannot get any of the game's DLC. 

> A final issue I noticed is that there are doubles listed for multiple games when you visit the Uplay Store through the Uplay application. On the web browser version of the Uplay store there don't appear to be any double listings. 

> These issues need to seriously be looked into and fixed. There are probably more that I haven't noticed yet. The Uplay Store is in an unacceptable state of disarray and confusion. I look forward to your reply.